yeah we the freedom squad we got all
dressed up nice like for this special
event where the dumps like up so what
kind of freedom shit we gotta do first
wanna fly way up high in the sky where
did we go be ruling my yet yo do does
she wanna try my can you go where the
fuck my wing so try knocking me go back
on what do you see up hold on no no no
no no no no my chopper just landed from
like a I don't know 10,000 foot drop was
that what I'd no explosion okay okay
let's go see this let's go see this
there's no way nah now it can't be
functional there's gotta be a roaster
missing no both roaches are there what
the engine the engine is a little bit no
come on let me in let me let me in let
me fly this thing no this chopper is the
profit yeah this Chapel yo Craig fuck
you I'm gonna take your bike wait you're
still on it what oh there we go just
shaking you guys off yeah fuck you I
don't mind paying the fine cuz im an
asshole yeah fuck you Craig did a little
bitch oh it's gonna fucking kill me fuck
you wait what you survive what how did
you some bullshit that i'm calling
bullshit i'm calling bullshit i'm
calling bullshit all right all right
let's take this to the ground I've got
this from a new independence day fucking
musket with gold trim test this bitch
out I've heard it's a good weapon I've
heard it's nice just waiting for the
opportune moment I am stipper I don't
even know what the fuck I'm say okay all
right I see you off the road I see you
up the road no wait that's that's my
other Eagle friend no I don't know who
that is actually I'm gonna be gonna be
weary be careful oh it is my friend but
why is she looking at me I don't trust
it oh wait who's this who fuck you Craig
fuck you wait for the shot wait for the
short way for the short way for the
headshot headshot headshot headshot what
lock it on to the fucking oh wow thank
you sir what wow Laurie you slag you're
dead to me
take the fight back to that there's
Laura fuck you bitch hey hey I didn't
shoot you fuck oh wait reloading Wow
Thank You musket fuck this weapon that
welcome to the 21st century bitch hey
hey hey get in my car lady I got this
new horn that speeds up I guess ready
ready ok